Update 4.1.2 notification and title (#7890)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/ssdt/release-notes-ssdt-2019.md

## Important
  - **Version 3.16 is the latest general availability (GA) version, which doesn't support target server version SqlServer2022. Download [SQL Server Integration Services Projects 3.16](https://ssis.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/ssis/sqlserverintegrationservicesprojects/3.16/1645603822968/Microsoft.DataTools.IntegrationServices.exe).
More information is available in release notes.**

- **Due to a limitation of VS marketplace, the version 4.1.2 does not introduce new binaries to download. Version 4.1 contains the latest binaries.**

- Since version 3.3, Power Query Source for SQL Server 2017 and Microsoft Oracle Connector for SQL Server 2019 have been excluded from the installation of this product. To continue using these two components, manually download and install them by yourselves. Here are the download links: [Power Query Source for SQL Server 2017 and 2019](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=100619), [Microsoft Oracle Connector for SQL Server 2019](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=58228)

## Common Issues

> - **If you met error during installation, you can check the logs under %temp%\SsdtisSetup.** Also, you can zip the folder and send the logs to ssistoolsfeedbacks@microsoft.com for troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **If you get an error during installation, you can check the logs under %temp%\SsdtisSetup.** Also, you can zip the folder and send the logs to ssistoolsfeedbacks@microsoft.com for troubleshooting.
```
